Introduce new PPL commands, configuration and behavior changes (#9790)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/sql/settings.md

`plugins.query.size_limit` | 200 | Sets the default size of index that the query engine fetches from OpenSearch.
`plugins.query.datasources.enabled` | true | Change to `false` to disable support for data sources in the plugin.
`plugins.query.field_type_tolerance` | true | If `false`, then an array is reduced to the first non-array value at any nesting level. For example, `[[1, 2], [3, 4]]` will be reduced to `1`. If `true`, then the array is preserved. Default is `true`.

> `plugins.calcite.enabled` | False | Change to `true` to enable experimental features with Apache Calcite query engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plugins.calcite.enabled` | false | Set to true to enable experimental features that use the Apache Calcite query engine, including advanced SQL and PPL capabilities such as subsearches, joins, and lookup operations.
```

> `plugins.calcite.enabled` | false | Set to true to enable experimental features that use the Apache Calcite query engine, including advanced SQL and PPL capabilities such as subsearches, joins, and lookup operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`plugins.calcite.enabled` | false | Set to `true` to enable experimental features that use the Apache Calcite query engine, including advanced SQL and PPL capabilities such as subsearches, joins, and lookup operations.
```
